ALL CHARACTERS. LOCATIONS.
AND INSTITUTIONS ARE FICTITIOUS.
VIEWER DISCRETION IS ADVISED
AS SOME SCENES MAY BE UNPLEASANT.
Cho Do-chul.
who was sentenced to ten years
for manslaughter and rape of a minor.
is being released today from prison.
-Go back to prison!
-You don't deserve to be out!
-You rapist!
-Die!
Go kill yourself!
I will seek amends and live in
regret for the rest of my life.
I'm sorry!
-Mr. Cho!
-Where are you going to live?
-Say something!
-Mr. Cho!
CASTRATE CHO DO-CHUL!
CHO DO-CHUL OUT
-The Northern Prosecution investigators
-Let's go!
who sentenced Cho to life.
shared their position this morning.
-Please share a word as the prosecutor.
-Don't push.
While I respect the court's decision.
it's a shame his sentence
was reduced for temporary insanity.
Also. regardless of the judicial decision.
was justice truly realized for this case?
And how will we keep the victim safe?
-I'm concerned as a prosecutor. Goodbye.
-Sir!
-Please tell us more!
-I'm sorry.
-One more question!
THE PROSECUTION IS DISAPPOINTED
IN CHO'S REDUCED SENTENCE
LIVE COVERAGE OF CHO DO-CHUL'S RELEASE
Please share your--
You son of a bitch!
Hey. you son of a bitch!
Will you express your regret
to the victim and her family?
Go.
Get going.
To Busan.
GIVE HIM A LIFE SENTENCE!
Move back.
Where are you going?
-There he goes!
-Follow him!
Follow that car.
SEOUL 26S0923
THE SOUND OF BATTLE
They haven't even suffered because of me.
What's with this fuss?
Hey. driver.
Do you know who I am?
-How much longer?
-Five minutes.
Forget it.
Keep driving.
I'm on my way to kill everyone
who made me like this.
Three police cars
are waiting two blocks away.
Car Three will be there in two minutes.
Backup is on standby in his direction.
Wasn't that…
the police radio?
Can taxis do this?
He's in a deluxe taxi.
Follow him to ensure nothing happens.
Those good-for-nothing jerks.
I wanted to travel quietly by myself.
Really?
Then we'll give him some quiet time.
Make a right
and take the byway to the right.
Damn it.
What the heck is wrong with this car?
One second!
Give me a second!
-My gosh.
-Come on!
-Move your car!
-Move it!
Move it!
-We have to go!
-Move it forward!
I'm a journalist too!
I'm not a media jackal!
How can I go with my car like this?
My gosh.
Aren't we supposed to go the other way?
Hey. Can't you hear me?
Do you want to die?
We're going the wrong way.
Damn. this idiot.
Damn it.
The road is open again.
This guy is unbelievable.
Who are you?
Who the heck are you. jerk?
My neck!
Damn.
Damn it!
Keep it up.
SEOUL 26S0923
EMERGENCY PHONE
DELUXE TAXI
24M5283
-I'm here.
-Welcome back.
Here.
Goodness. Mr. Yoon.
From now on. separate cash receipts
and credit card slips.
I won't let you off again.
All right. fine.
But I'm a musician.
It's not like I wanted to do that.
If I get inspired. I could make mistakes.
Goodness. seriously.
You really don't know anything about art.
Why do you only drive around Hongdae?
I'm not sure.
I guess it's because my soul is there.
I hope your soul can focus
on sorting out the receipts now.
RAINBOW TAXI
Fine.
Keep it up.
Good morning. Mr. Kim.
-You're in a good mood.
-I am.
Are you going back out?
It's a breach of the Labor Standards Act.
Mr. Kim.
how many times must I ask you to park your
car at the entrance on maintenance day?
Must I go all the way there
to bring your car over?
Don't you want your car fixed?
-Why aren't you being quiet? Why?
-I--
-Mr. Kim--
-His car got serviced last week.
-He did?
-Yes.
So why won't you tell me these things?
-I got--
-Move your car.
There's no space for them to park.
Here comes another one. Hurry.
We have a full house.
-Hurry.
-We do.
VICTIM SUPPORT COUNCIL
I understand that you're all busy.
I'm aware of that.
But when victims of sexual crimes
show up for their trials.
please don't let them appear alone
and provide support with your company.
Now.
BLUEBIRD VICTIM SUPPORT CENTER
This is something I always bring up.
Bluebird Shelter is here
for victims who suffer from serious crimes
and their families.
We're an organization
that helps victims recover
with the support of
the Ministry of Justice. the Prosecution.
and other related organizations.
It's important to give financial support
for their living and hospital expenses.
but it's also our job
to ponder and find out
what these people truly need.
This job isn't just done by using money.
Please remember
that we're here to do this job
with our heart and much legwork.
My gosh. what's this? You're done already?
Goodness. if it isn't Mr. Busy.
the deputy district attorney.
It's an honor. sir.
I really wanted to get here on time.
but my meeting with the DA ran late.
I'm sure a meeting with the Bluebird
isn't so useful to you anyway.
They always ask for
more funds and manpower. right?
It'd be much better for you to meet up
with the DA.
Fine. since I was late today.
lunch is on me.
Anyway. what happened to finding
someone who can do hands-on work?
Right. I already found someone for you.
I'll set up a meeting very soon.
-Make it soon.
-Okay.
What are they like?
They need to be persistent
to work for the Bluebird Center.
Persistence?
Don't worry about that.
I found a very persistent nutcase for you.
A nutcase?
Goodness. my son. You're up.
Do you recognize me?
-Father.
-Yes. it's me.
Hey. he's up.
Over here!
The patient just woke up!
Hurry up and come over!
Are you all right?
I was really scared
you might never wake up.
Great job. I'm so proud of you.
Who are you?
Yes. I'm at the hospital. He woke up.
I'll be there before noon.
Okay.
How is he? Can he move?
We'll have to keep our eyes on him.
but he should be able to move.
-He'll be able to move?
-Yes.
I'm so relieved.
I must be suffering from amnesia.
By any chance. were we an item?
Right.
.You're seeing me for the first time.
You ran off while being transferred.
so I don't have to recite
the Miranda rights again. right?
-If you want. I can do it again.
-Shit.
-What is this?
-Don't you remember?
You jumped from the third floor.
and you were unconscious for two weeks.
Are your legs okay?
Yes.
You can definitely walk.
Hey.
Don't try to pull any tricks
and just tell her the truth.
It looks like
she'll track you down until you die.
She watched you every night
without sleeping.
She kept her eyes on me
every single night?
Yes. with her eyes wide open.
I didn't take care of you.
so there's no need to feel sorry.
See you later.
Hand him over to another prosecutor
and move on to the next case before lunch.
You should take a day off.
I don't need a day off.
I already got enough rest here.
-Plus. getting rest is boring.
-Excuse me.
No. Maria. Why won't she stop bleeding?
Doctor. Can you please stop her bleeding?
What should I do?
What is it?
Look at the bags under your eyes
covering your pretty face.
It means you need to rest.
-Did you hear about Cho Do-chul?
-Hear what?
That he's missing?
That a case broke out.
My gosh.
Don't bother knocking
if you're going to barge in like that.
That's worse.
I'll take Cho Do-chul's case.
Why would you do that?
He went missing. We should find him.
Yes. but why should you take that case?
The police are on it.
Until recently. Cho Do-chul was…
Don't mind me.
I was focused on making coffee.
so I didn't hear anything.
Take a seat.
Should I head out for a moment?
Where are you going?
Have a seat.
Okay.
Prosecutor Kang.
You know of Bluebird Support Center?
Yes. It's a victim support foundation.
Right.
And he's the chair of that foundation.
Nice to meet you.
My name is Jang Sung-chul.
Yes. nice to meet you too.
She's the one who'll do
the hands-on work for Bluebird.
Prosecutor Kang Ha-na.
-All of a sudden? What do you mean?
-Well…
He said he needs someone persistent.
so I recommended you.
You're known for your persistence.
Why? You don't want to?
It's not that I don't want to.
I haven't heard anything
because you never mentioned it.
You're going on behalf of the prosecution.
so do a great job.
Forget about Cho Do-chul or whatever.
I'm not sure how you'd feel
if I say this right now.
but I look forward to working with you.
I look forward to working with you too.
Prosecutor Cho told me a lot about you.
-He says you're famous in the prosecution.
-Is that so?
-Yes.
-How so?
As a nut…
Nut?
In a nutshell. you're clever.
You're a clever prosecutor.
He'd never say that about me.
What?
Sir. to Wangsimni. please.
Cho Do-chul disappeared yesterday
soon after he was released.
The police are yet to locate
-his whereabouts.
-Gosh.
What is the world coming to?
How can a man like him roam free?
Is it really all right
for an ex-convict of a serious crime…
My gosh. How can anyone raise
children in times like this?
My goodness.
Don't you agree. sir?
My gosh. what's with him?
-Hey!
Learn how to drive! Okay?
Kids. are you okay?
Seo-jin. don't cry. It's okay.
What's with that car?
Oh. my.
Hey. look.
What's he doing?
This is getting dangerous.
-Kids. it's okay.
-Don't cry.
What should we do?
Oh. no.
Oh. my.
No matter how bored they are.
why are they going into
road rage against a car full of kids?
-What's that?
-A taxi?
What the…
My gosh. What was that?
Oh. my. Hey.
Goodness. Oh. my.
-Hey!
-Look at them.
-Stop your car!
-Hey!
-Hey. man!
-Hey. asshole!
-Stop the car!
-Hey!
-Stop your car!
-Hey. stop right there!
Hey! Stop your car!
-Where did you learn to drive?
-Hey. taxi!
Stop him. Block his car.
Block his car.
What do you think you're doing?
Sir. are you busy?
May we stop here for a moment?
-What will you do?
-I'll only take the fare to this point.
I still have a long way to go.
I'd be grateful for that.
Thank you for understanding.
Sir?
-Man.
-What's with him?
He's just a taxi driver.
-Police.
-I'm reporting road rage.
-Learn your place.
-He's being threatened.
We need you here right now.
Sir.
You're being threatened? Sir?
Sir?
A golf club.
That guy is going to hit him with a club…
-A golf club?
-Well…
The situation kind of turned around.
What? What's your location?
If you're busy. you don't need to come.
I'm sorry.
Learn how to drive properly.
Yes. sir.
-Goodbye. sir.
WARD A
DRIVERS ALWAYS WANTED
I spotted something interesting today.
Do you want to know?
What is it?
Mr. Kim is always out driving the longest.
but why does he make the least money?
I'm not sure.
What do you do when you're on duty?
Do you go on drives in the car?
That's embezzlement.
Embezzlement?
Using company money for gas
and going on drives is embezzlement.
This seems like slander.
If you feel accused. fix it.
You can start off by reducing your hours.
YOU ARE NEEDED
Mom…
Please.
I don't want to die.
DELUXE TAXI
DON'T DIE. GET REVENGE.
WE'RE HERE TO HELP.
DELUXE TAXI
Where are we going right now?
To get revenge.
Can you tell me
what had happened to you?
My name is Kang Maria.
and I recently aged out of an orphanage.
-Hey!
-Maria!
Maria. do you have to go?
Yes. She has to go.
I'll stop by often.
We all chipped in and got you this.
Thank you.
What's this?
Think of us whenever
you drink from that cup.
I'll work very hard
to buy lots of toys
and delicious food for you.
so you visit me often too.
-Okay.
-Bye. Maria.
-Bye.
Promise.
I'm going to miss you.
Maria. you must be very sad
to say goodbye to the other kids.
It's my dream to work hard
and make money to live together
with all those kids.
Gosh. Maria. You have a wonderful dream.
The company you'll be working for
makes and distributes fermented food.
It's a social enterprise.
so they don't have a bias against
the disabled. and they're understanding.
Above all. they provide food and lodging.
So it's the perfect place
for your first job.
Okay.
All right. in here.
Drive all the way in.
CHANGSUNG JEOTGAL
Well done.
I thought she was intellectually disabled.
She seems so normal.
I'm classified as level three.
And you speak very clearly too.
What's her approximate mental age?
Like a kindergartener?
She's 18-years-old right now.
and her mental age is around
1st to 2nd grade.
That means she can speak and listen.
pretty much communicate very well.
I have a Microsoft Word certification.
I came in first place at my orphanage.
You might be level 3.
but you came in 1st place too!
That's awesome.
-Thank you.
-Did you sign that?
She signed the contract. so…
I'll take that.
She can start right away. then.
-Okay.
Come here.
-Come on out.
-Okay.
All right. then.
Maria.
I'll get going.
Call me if anything happens.
-Okay.
-Bye.
Hey. come here.
Okay. everyone. We have a new recruit.
Work harder.
Looking great.
Okay. come here.
You can go over there.
Yes. All right. then.
Maria.
You can sit right here
and scrub off the fish scales.
I was told I'd be working on a computer.
A computer?
A computer. I'll let you do that later.
But for now. you have to do this.
Scrub. okay?
I'm scared of fish.
No. wait. Look.
Look. this isn't scary.
It's tiny and cute.
Hold this.
then scrub it off by using this.
You aren't going to be fighting with it.
I don't think I can do this.
-I'm scared.
-This is nothing…
Hello. sir.
We have a new recruit.
so I was training her.
Say hello to him.
I told her to scrub the scales off.
but she said she's scared of fish.
You're scared of fish?
Yes. I'm scared of fish.
Are you a bit closer now?
No? Do you need more time?
No? Not yet?
-What do you think?
-Let go!
Damn it.
What the hell.
-Sir. please.
-Come here!
Get off me!
It's freezing.
Why is it so cold in here?
She kept whining and crying.
-Open it.
-Okay.
Was it always this cold in here? Damn.
What? Hey.
Do you feel like working now?
I want to go back.
-What?
-I want…
I want to call the social worker.
She's not ready yet.
This isn't good.
Let's see.
She needs to get ready soon.
Please. help me.
Let's go. It's freezing.
Please help me.
Sir.
She hasn't eaten. Will she be okay?
Don't feed her.
We need to tame them from the get-go.
If not. we'll suffer.
-I see.
-Remember that.
Let's have beef and rice soup.
I'm craving something warm.
CHANGSUNG JEOTGAL
Hello? Is anybody out there?
All right. Open it up.
-Goodness.
-Gosh.
The human body is a wonder.
-People can sleep in this situation.
-Exactly.
She's waking up.
Isn't it warm?
I brought hot water
because you might be cold.
Aren't we nice?
What do you think?
Are you ready to work now?
There we go.
Take her out.
You're here. You can sit here.
Stop crying. Enough. It's okay.
Do your job right. will you?
-Let's work hard today.
-Answer him.
-Yes. sir.
-Now she looks like a worker.
I wanted to run far away to a place
where those people don't exist.
All right. now.
Somewhere far away. where they can never
find me again.
WOORI STATIONERY
DELUXE TAXI
GAME: TAXI DRIVER
Hello.
First off. thank you for visiting
Rainbow Deluxe Taxi.
Let me share a few precautions
for the safety of our passengers.
While we work on your request.
the taximeter will continue to go up.
You will pay your fare
once the job is finished.
Depending on the situation.
you may be charged extra.
After you use our taxi service.
you must not tell anyone else
about what happened with Rainbow Taxi.
Please keep this secret.
Now. if you wish to get your revenge
on the people who harassed you.
push the blue button on the left.
If you don't want to punish them.
push the red button on the right.
Please make your choice.
100-WON COINS ONLY
You've made your choice.
Now. let's get on the deluxe taxi
to get your revenge--
Look at this.
Idiot. Don't you see that?
I told you. I'll just…
My gosh.
DRIVERS ALWAYS WANTED
OUT OF OFFICE
AUTHORIZED PERSONNEL ONLY
Is Mr. Kim in?
Not yet.
Hey. Go-eun.
About our pagers…
Let's switch to smartphones.
-Why?
-What do you mean. "why"?
People get caught off-guard
when they see my pager.
They think I'm ancient.
I'm an engineer.
Must I use a pager in the 21st century?
Yes. let's make the switch.
This is inconvenient.
Your phone was hacked recently.
They stole all your contacts
and sent them weird texts.
Aren't you an engineer?
-What's with you?
-Mr. Park.
you got scammed last month
and had your account hacked.
You don't even understand security.
But you want smartphones?
Do you want to expose us?
No. of course not.
You're the reason we use them.
Because we're dumb.
Let's think about it more.
-The battery dies quickly.
-You fool.
-Is there a rechargeable one?
-Not for pagers.
-Hey!
-Hey. you're here.
Welcome.
What were you up to?
Is the steering wheel better now?
I fixed it up. as an engineer.
It's not bad.
but the plate changer doesn't work well.
What? That can't be.
I said it needs fixing. Did you forget?
Oh. right.
I was busy with that. so I forgot.
Take a look at this.
Look.
Awesome. right?
What is this?
It was made from the material
used for armored cars or tanks.
We want to attach this
to the front of the taxi.
With this. you can break through any wall.
-It's nice.
-Just wait.
It'll be very useful.
-Is Mr. Jang upstairs?
-Yes.
My gosh.
Why is the plate changer acting up?
This engineer is busy!
Test it out.
Number one.
Okay. Next.
Number two.
One more time.
SEOUL 24M5283
See? It's not working.
I told you to fix this ages ago.
-You didn't. so it's not working.
-Will yelling at me make it work?
I'll fix it later.
Why are you getting all angry?
-When did I get angry?
-Be quiet!
It echoes when you yell!
Gosh.
-Who's the one yelling?
-Right?
-I have a loud voice.
-I know.
-I'll fix this quickly.
-Okay.
Why won't it work?
Hey. come on in.
Have some tea first.
What is it?
I'm uncomfortable
with leaving Cho Do-chul to Ms. Baek.
Hello. ma'am.
-Hello. ma'am!
She acts based on trust.
FORFEITURE OF BODY
Why are you crying?
I should be the one crying now.
I can't get my money back
with this useless body.
Among loan sharks.
she's infamous for being cruel.
That's what makes her perfect for the job.
To her. Cho Do-chul is nothing
but an object she's holding for us.
There's no better person to entrust
with jerks like him.
Don't worry. I have a plan.
I wanted to run far away to a place
where those people don't exist.
Somewhere far away. where they can never
find me again.
I looked into it.
Park Joo-chan and Cho Jong-geun
are known as hard-working businessmen
in the community.
That's why it was easier to cover it up.
-I have a question.
-Yes.
Couldn't she have found a chance
to get away?
I agree.
She could've also called the police.
Right.
That would've been very nice.
If only the police had helped her.
No matter how hard I tried.
I could not escape.
Get some rest.
Hey. you should call it a day too.
Get some sleep.
Don't turn on the light.
Have you seen Maria?
No. I haven't.
Really?
Miss. is everything okay?
Gosh. what happened?
Your shoes…
Get in the car.
Get in.
Okay.
It's freshly made. It's salted hairtail.
-Looks nice.
-Goodness.
Why won't you listen?
I took such great care of you.
You must be cold.
I'll close this for you.
Stay there. I'll be back.
Come on. quick.
Jeotgal goes well with makgeolli.
By the way. I'm so glad you called.
We would've wasted time looking for her.
See? I told you that red trousers are good
because they're easy to spot.
That was a good call too.
Have a drink. Wait. you're on duty.
-You have to drive too. Don't drink.
-Come on.
I won't be caught because I'm on duty.
-I can have one drink.
-Damn. you're so bad.
Be good. okay?
By the way. aren't they a pain?
No. they're the best I've had.
I've tried using foreigners.
but it was more frustrating
since we couldn't communicate.
I can't beat them to learn the language.
I'm not a teacher.
Right. it's not like this is an academy.
A Spartan academy.
We're better than most academies.
We teach them the work and feed them.
It's like paradise.
He's a good kid.
Chief Kim. have this
and be good.
Isn't the water too cold though?
She'll freeze to death.
You should keep checking.
I'm scared.
-Listen to them.
-Please have mercy.
Then they'll buy you lots of good food.
-Is that too hard to understand?
-Please…
Listen up.
I can't help you.
So consider this your home.
-No…
-Okay?
Please save me.
No. I won't save you!
Why would I?
If you sneak out again.
you'll be in trouble!
Please…
Get in there.
Please help me.
Please…
Help me.
I'm for it. I think we should go.
-If you don't. you're like them.
-No.
We were all going to agree.
You were just too quick.
If everyone's on board. shall we head out?
-What should we use this time?
-Something that flies.
Hey. how can we fly?
-Let's try.
-Goodness.
Want to make a plane?
We can't make planes.
DELUXE TAXI
SEOUL 24M5283
Car 5283. now on duty.
REAL GANGSTER CHICKEN
Let's get going too!
-Okay. let's go!
-Let's go!
Hey. seriously!
Let's go. chicken!
-This one's dead.
-Okay. let's deal with it later.
-We're late.
-We have to go?
DELUXE TAXI
REAL GANGSTER CHICKEN
Hey. move it.
We don't have time. Hey!
Their security seems a bit tight
for a fermentation company.
You have security to prevent people
from coming inside.
But most of the doors here
are set up to be locked from the outside.
CHANGSUNG JEOTGAL
You're right.
This isn't security. It's imprisonment.
Confining people inside.
Move it.
They market themselves
as a social enterprise
helping people with disabilities.
but look at this.
Hey. can't you do this? Move it!
When will your Korean improve?
Hurry up!
Hey. Maria.
Go to the laundry room.
There's a lot of laundry to do.
Everyone else.
keep descaling the fish. Okay.
ANCHOVY EXTRACT
We're going to have some fun.
Take off your pants and copy me.
Understand?
It's a lot of fun. Take off your clothes.
Oh. no! Maria!
Maria! Please help her!
Maria!
Maria.
Oh. no! My gosh.
What should I do?
Gosh. Maria.
You're bleeding.
Maria. wake up.
Call an ambulance!
Hey. call an ambulance!
Does she never cook?
Your fridge is empty.
REAL GANGSTER CHICKEN
GOLDEN CHICKEN
Hey. do you want chicken?
Chicken?
-Fried chicken?
-Yes.
-Just order two.
-Perfect.
Two idiots came to the factory earlier
to give out this flyer for their opening.
-A new chicken place in town!
-There's a customer!
-Here you go.
-Hello!
Hello. here.
We've just opened a fried chicken joint.
Golden chicken!
Real Gangster Chicken.
Buy one. get one free.
What do you sell here?
No. it's a fermented seafood factory.
You can't go in.
What kind of fermented seafood?
This and that. We make everything.
-You'll find our products at the market.
-I see.
Call us to order.
-Okay.
-We need to make ends meet.
All right.
Thank you.
-Chicken!
-A new chicken place in town!
-A new chicken joint!
REAL GANGSTER CHICKEN
GOLDEN CHICKEN
Where?
Oh. the owner of the factory?
We'll quickly deliver delicious chicken.
All right.
One's on the house.
REAL GANGSTER CHICKEN
I'm so curious. Let me taste it.
Hey. I told you that you can't.
You can't eat this.
-Have some later. Just deliver this.
-Hey. seriously.
Go deliver this quickly.
-Seriously?
-Yes.
Have some later.
They deliver fast.
This is impressive.
Hello.
Delivery from Real Gangster Chicken.
That was so fast.
It took 10 minutes. Like you were waiting.
We got one for free. right?
Yes. you ordered one chicken but got two.
The beer's also on the house.
-Thank you!
-Enjoy.
Thank you. Good night.
-Thank you.
-Bye.
Take care.
Bye.
You see.
this is the latest fried chicken trend.
You sprinkle some kind of powder
on the chicken.
I heard it's to die for.
Try it.
First. let's open this.
Open this and…
You have to sprinkle this.
No. It'll taste bad.
It'll taste better with this.
Seriously. trust me on this.
Sprinkle it on the chicken like this.
Now. try it.
It's delicious.
It's good. right?
Maria likes fried chicken too.
I miss her.
Watch how you handle them.
Okay.
Sprinkle it on the rest.
I told you it's good.
It'll take about three minutes.
Damn it…
Goodness.
Damn it.
Want to solve a riddle?
What is it?
What's the code
for the safe in front of me?
How many digits?
That's a part of the riddle.
You have three chances.
Come on.
What kind of riddle is that?
It's like asking me to guess
how you're feeling now.
That's a part of it too.
You only get one try.
Right now. you're feeling
an absolute trust in my abilities.
And the passcode for the safe is 2580.
You get 100 points.
But this safe gets zero points.
Why?
There's no cash.
They don't know the difference
between a safe and a storage bin.
Next up. we have news
on the disappearance of Cho Do-chul.
The whereabouts of Cho.
the felon who was recently released.
are unknown at the moment.
The police are investigating
his financial and phone records
while interviewing those close to him
but have yet to discover any clues
that could lead them to his whereabouts.
On Cho's mysterious disappearance.
some fear that he may retaliate
against the victims.
so the police
are closely watching the situation.
Currently. Cho is not answering
the probation office's GPS-tracking calls.
They suspect that his ankle monitor
has been deactivated.
The residents in the area
where Cho committed his past crimes…
Nothing's changed.
Fearing retaliation. they're shortening
their hours of operation and--
Did they find anything on the deluxe taxi?
I just spoke to those who looked into it.
It's unregistered.
It's unregistered?
So it's a fake taxi?
Yes. they've caught a few
regular taxis doing this recently.
but they've never seen
a fake deluxe taxi before.
Here.
Eat this.
REPORTERS SWARM TO CHO'S RELEASE
The taxi Cho Do-chul was last seen in
was a fake taxi?
This must make you feel uneasy.
Me? Why?
You gave him a life sentence.
but he got out and is free again.
Anyway. I'll find some taxi experts
and figure it out soon.
I'll be off. then.
-Enjoy.
-Good night.
Hold on.
Taxi experts?
PROSECUTOR KANG HA-NA
Hello. this is Prosecutor Kang Ha-na.
I'm sorry for calling so late.
No. it's okay.
What is it?
I heard that you also run a taxi company.
Oh. I see.
Yes. but it's nothing big.
It's a small company.
Have you seen the news about Cho Do-chul?
Cho Do-chul?
Yes. I have.
Then do you remember the vehicle
he was last seen in?
The deluxe taxi.
Hello? Mr. Jang?
My company only has regular taxis.
so I don't know much about deluxe taxis.
I see.
-I'm sorry for calling out of the blue.
-No. don't be.
-I'm sorry I couldn't be helpful.
-Good night.
You too.
But isn't this
an unnecessary hassle?
You can just get rid of him quietly.
Is there some kind of special situation?
You like money.
Just care about that and nothing else.
If I can make money.
I'm okay with anything.
Damn it.
Hey.
Hey. what is this?
Where am I?
Hey! What is this place?
Hey! You! Come here.
Get over here!
Come here. you jerk. I will kill you all.
Darn it. What is this?
CHASING THE TAXI CHO DO-CHUL TOOK
REPORTERS SWARM TO CHO'S RELEASE
FOLLOWING HIM FOR 25KM
We're chasing the taxi right now.
"Honk. honk!" Hey. that taxi…
THE DELUXE TAXI DOESN'T STOP
Hey. don't lose it.
What? They're headed to Sokcho?
I'll get him.
Hey. get closer!
Closer! Gosh.
Darn it. Why is he so fast?
Honk! Honk!
REPORTERS SWARM TO CHO'S RELEASE
What?
It's not the same one.
CITIZEN OF THE YEAR
Hey. let me out!
Hey! Let me out of here.
Look at these punks.
Let me out!
Come on! Let me out of here.
Let me out! Come on!
Hey!
4 YEARS AGO. FEBRUARY 2017
-He's here!
-My gosh.
Let me see him!
Hey!
Unbelievable.
He has no shame.
-Gosh.
-I'm telling you.
He should be stoned to death.
Die! You should die!
-Die!
-How dare you?
-You murderer!
And you call yourself human!
You're a total psycho!
You murderer!
Hey!
Look. there he is!
He's coming out! Look!
Come here. you jerk.
Bring the knife!
POLICE
Here. hold it.
VICTIM
Show us what you did.
Stab her.
Do it!
He's a monster!
Do it right.
Go to hell. you scumbag!
-What's going on?
-Hey.
-Stop him.
-What?
-Get over there and stop him!
-Go!
-Stop him!
-Grab him!
What the heck is going on?
Stop him at once!
Make sure to stop him.
-Hey!
-Block him.
Hey!
Get him.
-Get him!
-What the heck is he doing?
This kid.
You little punk.
Do you have him?
Just kill him!
-You're the police!
-Hey. look.
-Step aside.
-Move him.
Let's go.
You punk.
Look at you.
You have the eyes of a murderer too.
I swear.
I will kill you with my own hands.
I'm not sure if your turn will ever come.
-Why?
-Take him!
Do you think this was my first?
Don't lose him!
What?
You murderer!
Murderer!
You crazy murderer!
Step aside!
PERSONAL INFORMATION
NAME: KIM DO-KI
LATE-NIGHT DINER
It's been a while. Lieutenant Kim.
Do you remember me?
-Jang Sung-chul from Bluebird Foundation.
-I'm sorry.
I'm not interested in your foundation.
RAINBOW TAXI
PRESIDENT JANG SUNG-CHUL
I don't enjoy driving.
Are you worrying about my livelihood now?
I'm not here to give you a job.
Did your pain vanish when this man died?
MURDERER NAM GYU-JUNG
TAKES HIS OWN LIFE IN PRISON
Don't you still want revenge?
DON'T DIE. GET REVENGE.
WE'RE HERE TO HELP.
GUEST APPEARANCE BY:
YOON DO-HYUN. KIM SOO-MIN
VOICE CAMEO BY: LEE YOUNG-AE
-Who are you?
-I'm here to buy some jeotgal.
We have sand lance. squid…
You have everything. Awesome.
It's snowing.
I found that brat. Kang Maria.
-Who the heck are you?
-I'm the jeotgal thief.
-Goodness. sir.
-Get in my car. and we'll talk on the way.
Was there anyone in the car?
Shall we go set up the guest rooms?
You're so my type.
Are you investigating deluxe taxis?